docs: add Git branching best practices and optimize Netlify deployment instructions (#29)
CodeYourFuture/Project-TV-Show: levels/level-0.md

4. Do not enable `Include all branches`
5. Click the final green button `Create repository from template`

## Deployment to GitHub Pages

To keep your project visible from the start without exhausting Netlify build credits, we will use GitHub Pages for the initial levels.

1. On GitHub.com, navigate to your repository's **Settings** tab.
2. Click on **Pages** in the left-hand menu.
3. Under **Build and deployment**, ensure "Deploy from a branch" is selected.
4. Select your `main` branch and the `/ (root)` folder, then click **Save**.
5. Your site will be live at `https://YOUR_USERNAME.github.io/Project-TV-Show/` (it may take a minute to appear).
6. For a detailed walkthrough, follow the [Official CYF Deployment Guide](https://curriculum.codeyourfuture.io/guides/deploying/ghpages/).

> [!TIP]

> > Deployment to **Netlify** is only required upon reaching **Level 500**. This helps conserve build credits during the development phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [CYF GitHub Pages Deployment Guide](https://curriculum.codeyourfuture.io/guides/deploying/ghpages/).

> [!TIP]
> Deployment to **Netlify** is only required upon reaching **Level 500**. Using GitHub Pages until then helps conserve build credits during the development phase.
```

Author: hi @illicitonion, I understand! I will change this instruction just with the link, thanks you!
